updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#15945)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/whats-new/index.md

You can download .NET Framework 4.8  from the following locations:

> - [.NET Framework 4.8 Web Installer](https://support.microsoft.com/help/912817)

Reviewer: This is not where they're going. These are downloads. Don't change then.

- [Debugging improvements](#Debug462)

> For a list of new APIs added to .NET Framework 4.6.2, see [.NET Framework 4.6.2 API Changes](https://github.com/Microsoft/dotnet/blob/master/releases/net462/dotnet462-api-changes.md) on GitHub. For a list of feature improvements and bug fixes in .NET Framework 4.6.2, see [.NET Framework 4.6.2 List of Changes](https://github.com/Microsoft/dotnet/blob/master/releases/net462/dotnet462-changes.md) on GitHub.  For additional information, see [Announcing .NET Framework 4.6.2](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/announcing-net-framework-4-6-2/) in the .NET blog.

Reviewer: remove extra space 

```suggestion
For a list of new APIs added to .NET Framework 4.6.2, see [.NET Framework 4.6.2 API Changes](https://github.com/Microsoft/dotnet/blob/master/releases/net462/dotnet462-api-changes.md) on GitHub. For a list of feature improvements and bug fixes in .NET Framework 4.6.2, see [.NET Framework 4.6.2 List of Changes](https://github.com/Microsoft/dotnet/blob/master/releases/net462/dotnet462-changes.md) on GitHub. For additional information, see [Announcing .NET Framework 4.6.2](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/announcing-net-framework-4-6-2/) in the .NET blog.
```

- Support for WCF services that use internationalized domain names (IDNs).

> For more information, see [What's New in Windows Communication Foundation](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/framework/wcf/whats-new).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see [What's New in Windows Communication Foundation](../wcf/whats-new.md).
```

- Contract-first workflow service development, which provides support for automatically generating activities to match an existing service contract.

> For more information, see [What's New in Windows Workflow Foundation](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/framework/windows-workflow-foundation/whats-new-in-wf-in-dotnet).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see [What's New in Windows Workflow Foundation](../windows-workflow-foundation/whats-new-in-wf-in-dotnet.md).
```

<a name="tailored" />

### .NET for Windows 8.x Store apps

> Windows 8.x Store apps are designed for specific form factors and leverage the power of the Windows operating system. A subset of the .NET Framework 4.5 or 4.5.1 is available for building Windows 8.x Store apps for Windows by using C# or Visual Basic. This subset is called .NET for Windows 8.x Store apps and is discussed in an [overview](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/apps/br230302(v=vs.140)) in the Windows Dev Center.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Windows 8.x Store apps are designed for specific form factors and leverage the power of the Windows operating system. A subset of the .NET Framework 4.5 or 4.5.1 is available for building Windows 8.x Store apps for Windows by using C# or Visual Basic. This subset is called .NET for Windows 8.x Store apps and is discussed in an [overview](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/apps/br230302(v=vs.140)).
```
